welcome to slash forward
i've never been more sure of the need to
eliminate inherited wealth in this
country than after watching yet another
cautionary tale with the plot and ball
thing
swindling a perfectly lovely woman of
her money this case
in the screaming skull it's just there's
so much inheritance-based scheming and
murder going on but if you subscribe
it would make it all worth it let's get
to it
we open on a lovely floral arrangement
ruined by a coffin
a voiceover then tells us that watching
this movie will kill us
ruining it further then we transition to
a little mercedes roadster pulling up on
a sunny day
eric whitlock is showing his new wife
jenny their property it's
thrilling but she feels constipated
about this one window we find out this
house belonged to his prior wife
god rest her soul and he's so happy to
have a new wife to decorate the barren
cavernous spaces
the estate has a live-in gardener mickey
who was attached to marion and this
man-child worships daily at the feet of
the old mysteries
later on eric's friends the snows arrive
and they couple swap before dinner
eric confides that jenny's parents
drowned in front of her and he's trying
to keep things
chill so he can bottle that trauma down
deep meanwhile the reverend tells jenny
about how marion slipped and hit her
head
dying in the water right where they're
sitting now so that's cool
the next day eric goes into town to
handle some business while jenny tries
to make friends with mickey and they
take some flowers to marion's grave
mickey admits he sometimes hears her cry
out in the night before running off
jenny then spends the day bundled up
caressing stones
unbundling and having nightmares about
people dying in water
she wakes up and rushes around unsettled
oh but good the peacocks
are okay that's good but there's a skull
menacing her from their wardrobe and
inexplicable scratches on her hand
sounds continue to haunt her and when
she's had enough she chucks the skull
into the yard but it shows back up on
the front porch chasing her into the
house
eric wakes her up later and confirms her
suspicion that he found her on the floor
without a skull
nearby well you know what i mean the
reverend arrives the next day to act as
an impartial observer and put to good
use the investigative tools he developed
in seminary
jenny confides that she's racked with
guilt about hating her mother and being
unable to save her parents when they
drown
as eric chats with her later mickey
shows up and eric chases him down to get
some answers but mickey denies any
involvement in the recent shenanigans in
an attempt at home therapy eric decides
it would be good to burn the portrait of
marion that reminds jenny of her mom
the flames get a little bit out of
control but it soon subsides
as they tend to the ashes jenny uncovers
a skull that eric can't see
causing her to faint eric then reveals
himself to be a complete
dickweed as he picks up the skull and
hides it eric tells reverend snow he's
gonna see about getting his poor wife
into the sanitarium so she can recover
he'd hate for her to lose control of her
vast wealth after all
jenny later confirms that to foster her
positive mental state
reverend snow told her he believed her
story and even resolved to have the
ground search to see if they could
locate the skull
this prompts eric to attempt a retrieval
of the primary tool of his deception
he's unable to find it and tears off and
search mickey but mickey circles around
and delivers the evidence to the snows
later jenny goes to say goodbye to
mickey and is confronted by an actual
apparition
she runs into the house screaming her
lungs out and receives a gentle throat
hug from her loving husband who's then
also confronted he tries to run but he
can't find a path not blocked by skulls
and as jenny wakes up and the snows
arrive eric has his trachea ripped out
by the skull
[Music]
you